Setting up the project

This is a project that is made up of the following technologies
    - ReactJS for the front-end using the building tool called Vite
    - Firebase for the server and back-end
    - TailwindCSS and DaisyUI for the CSS styling

To set up Firebase, you shall follow the following instructions

1. Go to this site and follow the instructions
    https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install

To set up the project, you shall follow the following instructions

1. The required programs needed to run the project are
    Visual Studio Code
    NodeJS

2. Go to this GitHub link and download the zipped folder then extract it
    https://github.com/savin2001/escrow-online-writers-003bdee615d14f6fb542a7b46f8492cfc802962d

3. Once downloaded, open your terminal or command prompt and insert the following commands.
    node -v
    if NodeJS is installed it will show you a version e.g.
    v16.15.1
    otherwise if not installed, you can go to this site to download the program, install it then run the tested command above
    https://nodejs.org/en/download/
    Ensure the downloaded version is v16 and above

4. Once NodeJS is installed, run the following command on your terminal to install the latest version of npm (a necessary package manager)
    npm install -g npm
    After it has installed, check if it exists in your computer by using this command 
    npm -v
    It should show a version of 8 or higher e.g.
    8.12.2

5. Once npm is installed, you shall download Visual Studio Code from the following site and then install it.
    https://code.visualstudio.com/download

6. Once installed, you can open it and then check on the top left there is a menu.
    Select File then among the option select Open folder and go select the folder that was extracted in step 2.
    It should open the various files and folders of the project folder.

7. While still in VS Code, you can check on the menu for terminal and click on it.
    Select the New terminal option and it shall open a small command prompt at the bottom.

8. In order to prepare the project and install the necessary dependencies, you shall write the following command
    npm install
    This installs all the dependencies that are required by the project and you can view them inside your package.json file in you file directory.
    It adds a new folder called node_modules inside your project folder.

9. Once it has finished installing, you can run the project by typing the following command in your terminal down there.
    npm run dev
    This opens the development server and you can go to you browser and type the url to see the results
    The url can be a number such as
    http://127.0.0.1:5173/

10. You can now showcase the project locally on your browser. For the database part, you can go to the firebase site and show the firestore, storage and authentication.
11. You build a production-ready site by running the following command
    npm run build
12. You can also showcase the functioning site using the link below
    https://escrow-online-writers.netlify.app/


